Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting “Sell Your Home For Free”! We are committed to respecting your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit our website.

This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices only, including how we collect and use your personal information. It covers information collected on this website only. It does not apply to other sites you reach through our site. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policies of those other parties to learn how they collect and use information about you.

To assist you with reading our Privacy Policy, we have provided answers to the following questions you may find most important:

What information do we collect automatically online?
When you visit our website, we collect information about your visit that does not identify you personally. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and Web service you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the site to suit your needs. If you are registered with our site, we will try to automatically identify you so that you don’t have to sign-in upon each return visit.

What additional information do we collect about you online?
If you ask us a question or register with this site, we collect your contact information and additional information that you volunteer so that we can respond to your request. We’ll track your online activity and the information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages, used to customize the content and/or layout of our pages to optimize your website experience.

If you supply us with your telephone number online you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding your visit to our website. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by responding to the initial email that you receive from us.

Do we share the information we collect online?
We do not share any information about you unless we are required by law to do so for authorized law enforcement, homeland security, and national security. We state on the website that when you contact us about a mortgage an officer from our preferred lending partner will contact you regarding your inquiry. This Lending partner is contractually bound by the policy and terms of this website.

How do we handle email communication?
If you provide us with your email address and you choose to correspond with us via email, we may choose to store these correspondences together with your registration information. Occasionally, we may also send you email notifications relating to new offers that we feel that you might find valuable. If at any time you wish to stop receiving these offers, you may click the unsubscribe link on any of these communications to opt-out or email your request to our website administrator at support@sellyourhomeforfree.com.

Do we use cookies or other tracking devices?
A "cookie" is a small text file that is stored on your computer and makes it easy for you to move around a website without having to continually re-enter your name, password, preferences, and so on. We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.

What if I am on the Do Not Call Registry?
If you supply us with a phone number, then you are giving us permission to call you even if you are on the U.S. Do Not Call Registry. If you choose not to be bothered, please let us know. We will add you to our own Do Not Call list.

What are your rights under the Privacy Act of 1974?
The Privacy Act of 1974 protects the personal information the federal government keeps on you in "systems of records (SOR)" (information an agency controls that can be retrieved by name or some other personal identifier). The Privacy Act regulates how the government can disclose, share, provide access to, and maintain the personal information that it collects. Not all information collected online is covered by the Privacy Act.

The Act's major provisions require agencies to:

Publish a Privacy Act Notice in the Federal Register explaining the existence, character and uses of a new or revised SOR;
Keep information about you accurate, relevant, timely, and complete to assure fairness in dealing with you; and allow you to, upon request, access and review your information held in a SOR and request amendment of the information if you disagree with it.
We do not collect any information subject to the Privacy Act.



Terms And Conditions Of Use

1	ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
1.1	Your access to and use of “Sell Your Home For Free” ("the Website") and any Services referred to in Clause 2, is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the Website/Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using the Website/Services you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website/Services. 

1.2	We reserve the right to update or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time and your continued use of the Website/Services following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is therefore your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions regularly for any changes. 
2	THE SERVICES
The Website may provide communication tools such as email, bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums and/or other message or communication facilities ("the Services") designed to enable you to communicate with others. Unless stated otherwise the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use only.
3	CHILD SUPERVISION
We are concerned about the safety and privacy of our users, particularly children. Parents who wish to allow their children access to and use of the Website/Services should supervise such access and use. By allowing your child access to the Services you are allowing your child access to all of the Services, including email, bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums and/or other message or communication facilities. It is therefore your responsibility to determine which Services are appropriate for your child. Always use caution when revealing personally identifiable information about yourself or your children via any of the Services.
4	PRIVACY POLICY
(Click here for the full detailed explanation of our Privacy Policy) 

4.1	We are committed to responsible data management and subscribe to the principals of the Privacy Act of 1974 in the United States. We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our users and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. If you register for any of the Services you will be asked to provide basic personal information. The information provided by you is not available for sale or use by third parties except as provided herein. Specifically, personally identifiable information may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act on our behalf, or in connection with our business, for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected. Where disclosure of personally identifiable information to a third party is likely or necessary, further explanation may be provided, where appropriate, at such collection points as to the intended use of the data. We will require that such third parties protect the information and, where appropriate, we will contractually require them to process data transferred only for the purposes expressly authorized by us. 

4.2	We use a technology called "cookies" as part of our normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to the Website. A cookie is an element of data that the Website sends to your browser that is then stored on your system. Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings. 

4.3	You acknowledge that by entering your telephone number on a website form that you submit, you are giving Easy Life Realty permission to call you even if you are on the U.S. Do Not Call Registry.
5	USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
If a particular Service requires you to open an account you will be required to complete the registration process by providing certain information and registering a username and password for use with that Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password and also for all activities which take place under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. In no event will Sell Your Home For Free be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever resulting from the disclosure of your username and/or password. You may not use another person’s account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder. 
6	ACCEPTABLE USE
6.1	You acknowledge that all information, text, graphics, logos, photographs, images, moving images, sound, illustrations and other materials ("the Content"), whether posted publicly or transmitted privately, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. We do not control or endorse the Content and cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content and you acknowledge that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that is offensive and/or indecent. Sell Your Home For Free will not be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use of any Content transmitted via the Services and you agree to bear all risks associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy or completeness of such Content. 

6.2	In using the Website/Services you agree not to: 

6.2.1	Use the Services to send junk email, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other unsolicited messages, commercial or otherwise; 

6.2.2	Post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that is defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, threatening, abusive, harassing or unlawful; 

6.2.3	Post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence towards any person or group on account of their race, religion, disability, nationality or otherwise; 

6.2.4	Threaten, abuse, disrupt, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of others; 

6.2.5	Use any information or material in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right of any party; 

6.2.6	Make available or upload files that contain a virus, worm, trojan or corrupt data that may damage the operation of the computer or property of another; 

6.2.7	Collect or store personal information about others, including email addresses; 

6.2.8	Advertise or offer to buy or sell goods or services for any commercial purpose, unless such communication facility specifically allows such messages; 

6.2.9	Impersonate any person or entity for the purpose of misleading others; 

6.2.10	Violate any applicable laws or regulations; 

6.2.11	Use the Website/Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Website/Services or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website/Services; 

6.2.12	Post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or confidential information disclosed in the course of employment or under a confidentiality agreement); 

6.2.13	Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of the Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website/Services through hacking, password mining or any other means. 

6.3	We have no obligation to monitor the Services but shall be entitled to review materials posted to a communications facility and, at our sole discretion, to remove any material that breaches these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise objectionable.
7	TERMINATION
We have the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason, including without limitation, breach of these Terms and Conditions. We may also at any time, at our sole discretion, discontinue the Website/Services or any part thereof without prior notice and you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Website/Services.
8	LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website/Services may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that Sell Your Home For Free is not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
9	INTERNATIONAL USE
You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States of America or the country in which you reside (if different) and with all local laws and rules regarding acceptable use of and conduct on the Internet.
10	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
10.1	The Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website and the Services) are protected by copyright, trade marks, patents and other intellectual property rights and laws. In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the contents solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only. 

10.2	Sell Your Home For Free does not claim ownership of any materials you post, upload or submit to any publicly accessible area of the Services. However, by doing so you are granting us a world-wide, royalty free, non-exclusive license to copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publicly display, edit, translate or publish such Content for as long as you elect to display such Content via the Services. The license shall be terminated when such Content is deleted from the Services.
11	INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Sell Your Home For Free and/or Carrington Real Estate Services (Sponsor of this website) harmless from and against any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions and any claim or demand brought against Sell Your Home For Free by any third party arising out of your use of the Services and/or any Content submitted, posted or transmitted through the Services, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by Sell Your Home For Free in consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
12	DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
12.1	Use of the Website/Services is at your own risk. The Website/Services are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. 

12.2	To the extent permitted by law, Sell Your Home For Free will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website/Services. 

12.3 Sell Your Home For Free makes no warranty that the Website/Services will meet your requirements, that Content will be accurate or reliable, that the functionality of the Website/Services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website/Services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive. 

12.4	Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of Sell Your Home For Free for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of Sell Your Home For Free.

12.5	Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
13	SEVERANCE
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
14	GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of United States and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of US courts.
